How gay are you, as a percentage?
If you could change your skin color what color would you choose?
What animal would you choose to be reincarnated as while retaining your brain?
What would you do... for a Klondike bar?
What is your favorite video game genre?
Do you read for fun?
What's the last lie you told?
What's the name of someone you pretended to like but actually couldn't stand?
What's your most bizzare nickname?
What's been your most physically painful experience?
Did you ever drink before you were of the legal drinking age?
What's the last thing you googled?
After you dropped food, what's the longest time you left it on the ground?
Who do you think has the worst sense of fashion in the server?
What is your worst or most embarassing habit?
How would you describe the last user in chat in 3 words?
What was your last embarassing moment?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
What is your favorite drink?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite animal?
What is an embarassing song that you enjoy listening to?
What show do you regret watching?
Have you ever spoiled a movie/show for someone?
What's the most afraid you've ever been?
If you were given 3 professionals in any area of your choosing to start a business, what would it be?
What comment do people make about you often?
If everyone was given a warning label, what would yours be?
What's the most flattering compliment you've ever received?
What's the worst thing that happened to you today?
What small detail have you recently noticed?
What's the strangest thing you've ever found?
What was the last mistake you made?
Do you have a bucket list, and if so what's next?
Are you an optimist or a pessimist?
Have you ever broken a bone?
How many stuffed animals do you have?
How sick did you pretend to be because you didn't want to go to school?
What was the last movie you cried to?
Do you consider telling white lies to be okay?
What's the most embarassing thing your parents found out from your teachers?
When was a time you completely lost it?
What's your most recent passion?
Who is your favorite singer?
Have you ever picked your nose?
Are you good at keeping secrets?
What's your daily routine like?
What was your biggest fear when you were 10 years old?
What broke your faith in humanity?
What restored your faith in humanity?
What household chore do you never want to do?
If you could change one thing about your family, what would it be?
What's your "Golden Rule" when it comes to life?
When have you ever lied about your age?
How often do you shower?
Have you ever read someone's diary?
What's something you keep a collection of?
Do you dance when noone is watching?
Are you always on time or always late?
What is one food you CAN NOT eat?
Do you bite your nails?
What is the longest time you've been grounded for?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
If you could make a onesie what designs would be on it?
How many pillows are on your bed?
Have you ever checked under your table in school for gum?
Have you ever gotten fired from a job, if so what for?
What was your best year?
What is YOUR number?
Do you have, or have you had an irrational fear?
Have you ever accidently destroyed something important to someone else?
What's something you learned that you thought you'd never used but ended up using a lot?
Have you ever been gifted something online?
Have you ever dropped your phone in the toilet?
Are you fragile?
Have you ever eaten dog food?
What's in your pockets right now?
If you made a movie, who would be the lead character?
What's something no one else knows that wouldn't embarass you even if people knew?
What was the last thing you drew?
What is your favorite emoji?
Has someone ever given you a random act of kindness and did you pass it on?
What song speaks to you?
Have you ever tried to use your non-dominant hand and if so how did it go?
How many push-ups can you do in a minute?
What color is your bedroom wall?
What is your phone background image?
What was THE WORST day you've ever had?
What report card have you gotten that really blew up?
What is your favorite thing to do during the weekend?
What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to relieve stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What's your favorite number and why?
What is the first thing you can remember that you have planned for this weekend?
What's the most useful thing you own?
What's your favorite what to pass time?
Do you have any tattoos?
How many pets do you have?
What is something popular that annoys you?
What kind of vacation do you want to go on?
When was the last time you worked super hard on something?
What's something you are proud of?
Are you active or do you relax often?
What do you like to do when hanging out with friends?
Who is your oldest friend?
What's the best thing about your job or school?
What's the worst thing about your job or school?
If you could be granted one wish, what would it be?
If you could change one of your physical features, what would it be?
If you had intro music, what song would it be?
What was something you were obsessed with as a kid but don't care about now?
If you could have any pets with no risks or consequences, what would it be?
Have you ever saved a life?
Who is your favorite entertainer?
Are you organized?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people?
What is the strangest dream you've ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time/day?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What’s your favorite season?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured?
Who is the most successful person you know?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
How often do you curse?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
Would you rather die by explosion or implosion?